AWS FTR documentation updates (#619)
akka/akka-platform-guide: docs-source/docs/modules/deployment/pages/aws-install.adoc

To install Akka Cloud Platform on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS), you must have an Amazon account and subscribe to the https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp?sku=7hhouu843kzmgqs6besqjjsbf[Akka Cloud Platform {tab-icon}, window="tab"].

== Pre-requisite Skills

A familiarity with the following services and skillsets is recommended before installation.

* https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/[Basic Kubernetes knowledge {tab-icon}, window="tab"] and experience with resources such as `ServiceAccounts`,  `Roles`, and `Deployments`.

> * https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/getting-started.html[AWS EKS {tab-icon}, window="tab"] and its command line tool https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/getting-started-eksctl.html[`eksctl` {tab-icon}, window="tab"].

Reviewer: I think we have used "Amazon EKS" (not AWS EKS) in other places

Author: :+1:

* https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iam/[AWS IAM {tab-icon}, window="tab"] and https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html[IAM security best practices {tab-icon}, window="tab"].
* https://helm.sh/docs/intro/quickstart/[Helm {tab-icon}, window="tab"] command line tool `helm`.

> * https://yaml.org/spec/1.2/spec.html[YAML {tab-icon}, window="tab"] to define configuration for the Akka Cloud Platform Helm chart and Akka Microservices deployment descriptors.

Reviewer: do they need to know about "configuration for the Akka Cloud Platform Helm chart"? defaults and the command line settings should be enough?

Author: It may be a preference to define a YAML config to override helm chart config (in our case, for service account, resource constraints, etc), but since that's a corner case I'll just omit it here.

== Expected Time to Install

A new installation will take approximately _40 minutes_.

* Provision Amazon EKS cluster - _30 minutes_ - Depends on how many nodes are provisioned and what instance types are chosen. It is also variable based on day-to-day AWS region conditions. This estimate is for the cluster parameters described in this guide.

> * Install pre-requisities into EKS - _5 minutes_ - Subscribe to product, Kubernetes `metrics-server`, and to setup service account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Install pre-requisities into EKS - _5 minutes_ - Subscribe to product, install a Kubernetes `metrics-server`, and set up a service account.
```

Author: :+1:

== Amazon Marketplace

If you have not already done it, subscribe to the https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp?sku=7hhouu843kzmgqs6besqjjsbf[Akka Cloud Platform {tab-icon}, window="tab"] by clicking the Subscribe button on the product page and accepting the terms and conditions.

== Create a service account for the Akka Operator

> The Akka Operator requires a https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html[service account with IAM roles {tab-icon}, window="tab"] in order to access the AWS Marketplace usage metering API.

Author: In this case the official name is "AWS Marketplace", "Amazon Marketplace" is a different offering from Amazon.

> The Akka Operator requires a https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html[service account with IAM roles {tab-icon}, window="tab"] in order to access the AWS Marketplace usage metering API.

Author: Maybe we should update all references to AWS Marketplace.  WDYT?

> The Akka Operator requires a https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html[service account with IAM roles {tab-icon}, window="tab"] in order to access the AWS Marketplace usage metering API.

Reviewer: pls update all to whatever is correct

> The Akka Operator requires a https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html[service account with IAM roles {tab-icon}, window="tab"] in order to access the AWS Marketplace usage metering API.

Reviewer 3: Will do to - AWS Marketplace

> The Akka Operator requires a https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html[service account with IAM roles {tab-icon}, window="tab"] in order to access the AWS Marketplace usage metering API.

Author: Thanks @thothmoses

> The Akka Operator requires a https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html[service account with IAM roles {tab-icon}, window="tab"] in order to access the AWS Marketplace usage metering API.

Reviewer 3: Done.

----

NOTE: Deleting the cluster from the https://console.aws.amazon.com/eks/home[Amazon EKS console {tab-icon}, window="tab"] requires several steps and therefore it's easiest to use `eksctl` for this.

== Troubleshooting

> _Cluster creation fails with "Cannot create cluster '<CLUSTER_NAME>' because <AWS_REGION>, the targeted availability zone does not currently have sufficient capacity_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_Cluster creation fails with "Cannot create cluster '<CLUSTER_NAME>' because <AWS_REGION> the targeted availability zone does not currently have sufficient capacity_
```

This comma looked weird but maybe this message is copy/pasted from an actual error message produced elsewhere?

Author: Yes, it's a copy paste.  I think it could go with or without the comma, so I'll just leave it.
